# Creating Tweet's collection and more
After we have defined the structure of Tweet. We need to create a database that contains all the Tweets created by a different user. 
```
Tweet [] public tweets;
```
Here we have created a Tweet dynamic state array variable that will store all the Tweets. There are three kinds of variables in solidity also said as state, local and global variables. But now we need a hashTable that can store key-value pairs like (unique hash of Tweet => index of Tweet in a database). For creating hashTable, solidity provides a special keyword called mapping which will directly implement the hashTable for storing and reading the data.
```
mapping(bytes32 => uint) hashtoindex;
```
Now we have created a hashTable for mapping our unique hash to the index number of the tweet in ```tweets``` array database. Let's create a constructor which will be used for a different purpose or more specifically will used in Series 2 but for now, let's create an empty constructor by using the ```constructor``` keyword followed by empty parameters and curly braces.
```
constructor(){}
```
For Now, we need to log our created Tweet on the ethereum network or also known as event log which stores tweet descriptions in transaction log. Solidity provides two special keywords called ```event``` which describes what event needs to store and also needs to define in solidity code, ```emit``` keyword is used for invoking an ```event``` which is stored on Transaction Log.

```
event Tweeting(string body, bytes32 hash, uint time, address indexed tweeter);
```
Above Code is the definition of an event that stores the tweet information like body also know as tweet statement, a unique hash of tweet, the time when blockchain recorded the tweet and the wallet which made this tweet.