# Creating Tweet on the ethereum blockchain
We will write a function that takes a string argument and return a true variable if the tweet is successfully created.

```
function createTweet(string memory _body) public returns(bool success){}
```
The above code states that there is a function named `createTweet` which takes a string as a parameter and is also available publicly that could be called with the Contract and returns a true variable as return type. Let's write some more code onto the `createTweet` function for creating Tweet on the ethereum blockchain network and logging the `Tweeting` event that was created in chapter 5.

```
function createTweet(string memory _body) public returns(bool success){
    uint time = block.timestamp;
    bytes32 hash = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(_body,msg.sender,time));
    hashtoindex[hash] = tweets.length;
    Tweet memory _temporaryTweet;
    _temporaryTweet.body = _body;
    _temporaryTweet.hash = hash;
    _temporaryTweet.time = time;
    _temporaryTweet.tweeter = msg.sender;
    tweets.push(_temporaryTweet);
    emit Tweetting(temp.body,temp.hash,temp.time,temp.tweeter);
    return true;
}
```
In the createTweet function, there is an unsigned variable named `time` which takes the Transaction created time as a UNIX timestamp in its value. A `hash` variable is created which is a  derive primitive type of bytes32 which holds 32 bytes. `hash` variable takes a invoke nested function return.

`keccak256` is a function that computes the Keccak-256 hash of the input. It gives a signature hash of the input data.  <b>`keccak256` shouldn't be confused with sha256. They Both are relatively the same.</b>

`keccak256` takes another function as input. `abi.encodePacked` takes a list of different data types and return bytes of memory. `abi.encodePacked` performs packed encoding (Packed Encoding also called ASN.1 which takes any kind of data types or cross-platform data and return a single encoded data.) `abi.encodePacked` gives an ambiguous encoding which doesn't mean for anything. 

We call the mapping variable created in chapter 5 `hashtoindex` that takes a key as the hash of the tweet and makes a pair with the length of the tweets variable. Why do we create `hashtoindex` mapping variable? We will know in the next chapter. We named a variable `_temporaryTweet` that is a local variable and doesn't store in the blockchain network. The purpose of `_temporaryTweet` variable is to store the data of creating Tweet types. While we assigned the complete data respectively to the temporary Tweet variable we created and also pushed the temporary Tweet variable to the state variable `tweets`, we need to invoke the event Tweeting to make a Transaction log on this current Transaction. For that, we need to invoke by keyword `emit` following the event name define in chapter five called Tweeting by passing down the exact order of data. At Last, we need to return true because we have successfully created a tweet in the `tweets` state array variable like database and made a Transaction Log on the Transaction block that a Tweet had been created so at then end we listed ```return true```.